Q1. What is your first and last name? (This is important so that we can link your GitHub username to you.)

A1. Mirella Chavez Giron

Q2. Do you have any programming experience? If so, how much, and what programming languages have you used?

A2. I have little programming experience.  I have used R for a good amount and feel fairly comfortable with it due to using it in two Statistic classes I have taken in the past year.  Other than this language I do not know much.

Q3. Do you have experience writing code in C++?

A3. I do not have experience writing code in C++.

Q4. How do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit an engineer, regardless of their field?

A4. I think learning to solve computational probelms and write programs would be beneficial to an engineer regardless of field because it provides experience for problem solving and being able to learn and adapt to a new system.  In the industry we may use unfamiliar methods to perform our tasks, and taking a class where you learn computational problems and how to write programs could be helpful in learning and understanding how to use new systems.  I think learning C++ especially is beneficial because it is a very universal programming language, from what I know, so being even a little familiar with it could go a long way.

Q5. Do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit you in everyday life? If so, how?

A5. Yes, I think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit me in everyday life because it could help my problem solving skills and my ability to approach unfamiliar situations.  Because this is a completely new skill for me I think it will benefit me in various ways, like understanding why things work or how I can use programs to solve real-world problems.

Q6. We may have time for a special topics lecture at the end of the term, depending on how the term unfolds. Are there any special topics related to computer science that you're curious about? (e.g., an introduction to machine learning, computer graphics, object oriented programming, functional programming, frontend development, backend development, databases, cloud development, mobile app development, etc.)

A6. I think an introduction to machine learning would be very interesting! I honestly do not know much about programming so any of the topics listed also look interesting.
